# May 2nd, 2025 - Marketplace Update

Explore the new changes to the Marketplace in the last week.

This can be anything from new crates, enhancements, or bug fixes!

<details>

<summary><strong>New crates and enhancements</strong></summary>

* Manage Chocolatey Packages
* SuperOps PSA
* Alert on Low Disk Freespace

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Bug fixes and chores</strong></summary>



* Microsoft: User Onboarding
  * Set default value for domain field to "default" and enabled autopop.
  * Fixed Microsoft CSP support by using customer tenant ID retrieved via Graph API as input for `csp_list_subs`.
  * Changed default value for type IDs in `cw_create_contact` action.
  * Updated description for the "Email Only User" field in the form.
  * Fixed contact type not being set for ConnectWise PSA by adding noop task and using the "Types IDs" field.
* Find Inactive Computers in RMM
  * Fixed error when a computer has no name by adding a `|d` filter to `systemName`.
* M365: Disable Inactive User Accounts
  * Added `|d` filters for user attributes to handle missing data in Graph API responses.
* Microsoft Subscription Renewal Alerts
  * Truncated ConnectWise PSA ticket summary filter to 99 characters to fix ticket matching.
* Rewst: User Onboarding
  * Added link to the Region Details page on the Crate Description page.
* \[REWST - TASK] List Computers
  * Added organization filtering
* CWM: Technician Toolbox via Pod
  * Updated the list forms workflow to include new forms and prioritize them in results
* PSA-Connectwise PSA: Create ticket
  * Added alias for agreement\_id which fixed the error that came up when creating tickets with an agreement org variable name.



</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Coming soon!</strong></summary>

* Acronis Deployment Refactor

</details>

