# May 30th, 2025 - Marketplace Update

Explore the new changes to the Marketplace in the last week.

This can be anything from new Crates, enhancements, or bug fixes!

<details>

<summary><strong>New Crates and enhancements</strong></summary>

* SyncMonkey functionality has been added to several of our documentation Crates:
  * Document M365 Environment
  * Document Group Details V2
  * Document M365 Shared Mailbox Details V2
  * Document User Details V2

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Bug fixes and chores</strong></summary>



* M365 License Lookup
  * Added Microsoft\_365\_E5\_(no\_Teams) license to the template
* Find Inactive Computers in RMM
  * Updated Jinja in all\_computers on both on success transitions for DRMM to handle the possibility of the deviceType being None.
  * Updated the crate to run per organization.
  * Filter out computers with 'online' flag as true because the datto last contact field isn't always accurately updated (false positives).
  * Updated ticket description adding sorting from longest inactive to most recently inactive.
* Microsoft: User Onboarding
  * Modified PS script for changing a users password to handle the Get-User call differently depending on the value of the Identity.
  * Added the contact email org variable to the initial create ticket sub-workflow
* Rewst: User Onboarding
  * Changed jinja for the first 3 transitions of the action check\_computer\_to\_use to not pass empty strings if the variable is undefined instead of null
* Notify on Conditional Access Policy Changes
  * Changed policy\_changes data alias' jinja from using property in modifiedProperties to property in resource.modifiedProperties
* Operational Analytics
  * Removed unused outputs.
  * Added additional EOL dates to eol\_lookup\_table under BEGIN NOOP.
* Amend Mailbox Permissions
  * Removed duplicate trigger named Form\_Trigger which was a custom form trigger named \[ROC] M365: Amend Mailbox Permissions, whereas the crate dev trigger is \[Rewst] M365: Amend Mailbox Permissions
* Sync AzureAD Account Information with ConnectWise PSA Contacts (v3)
  * Enhanced update\_cw\_psa\_contact task to update firstName, lastName, and nickName fields which previously updated title field only.
* Datto PSA - Create Ticket
  * Updated workflow to better conform to build best practices.
  * Updated with success variables for automated testing
  * Updated the description field to truncate to 5000 characters.
* Datto PSA - Update Ticket
  * Updated the description field to truncate to 5000 characters.
* Halo PSA - Create Ticket
  * Updated workflow to better conform to build best practices.
  * Updated with success variables for automated testing

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Coming soon!</strong></summary>

* Patch deployer
* Technician Toolbox Refactor

</details>

