# May 9th, 2025 - Marketplace Update

Explore the new changes to the Marketplace in the last week.

This can be anything from new Crates, enhancements, or bug fixes!

<details>

<summary><strong>New crates and enhancements</strong></summary>

* Org Chart Builder

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Bug fixes and chores</strong></summary>



* Configure New GDAP Relationship
  * Added documentation notes to multiple workflows explaining how to add roles and where to go next.
  * Added explanation notes to key tasks to clarify workflow behavior and purpose.
* Microsoft: User Onboarding
  * Renamed the field Phone Number to Mobile Phone Number.
  * Changed if-statement logic to properly surface on-prem error responses instead of falsely confirming user existence.
  * Updated input handling for force password change to use form input and reflect default behavior; validated fix with unit test.
  * Fixed mismatched variable name in create\_user action’s street field from CTX.dynamic\_address\_line1 to CTX.dynamic\_addressLine1.
  * Fixed input sync issue in 'Send User Password' sub-workflow and removed excess whitespace from first\_name.
* CWM: Technician Toolbox via Pod
  * Updated link from deprecated https://outlook.office365.com/ecp to https://admin.exchange.microsoft.com.
* SuperOps
  * Added SuperOps support for Create and Update Ticket workflows.
  * Updated \[ROC] Rewst: Configure Organizational Variables to support SuperOps configuration.
* Google: User Onboarding
  * Fixed data alias for options field in workflow task to use label and id instead of value and label; validated live.
* Microsoft: User Offboarding
  * Removed input for minutes worked field in update\_psa\_ticket action.
  * Added `ORG.VARIABLES.psa_default_contact_email` to workflow and form.
* Microsoft Subscription Renewal Alerts
  * Changed condition from == to >= and updated transition label to say Match(es) Found.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Coming soon!</strong></summary>

* Acronis Deployment Refactor
* Patch Deployer

</details>

