# May 23rd, 2025 - Marketplace Update

Explore the new changes to the Marketplace in the last week.

This can be anything from new Crates, enhancements, or bug fixes!

<details>

<summary><strong>New Crates and enhancements</strong></summary>

* Install Acronis Backup Agent on Devices (Refactor)

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Bug fixes and chores</strong></summary>



* Microsoft: User Onboarding
  * Changed input variable to `CTX.custom_displayname` from `CTX.displayname_custom` which was hidden with no conditions to show up in the form causing no custom names to get passed down.
  * Removed field displayname\_custom in MS:Onboarding Form.
  * Updated options Gen so it doesn't fail out if Microsoft doesn't return any data.
  * Modified initial description input field jinja for `create_psa_service_ticket` action.
  * Changed input variables to match form: user\_title → job\_title, `create_company_contact` → `create_contact_in_psa`.
  * Added missing form store password variable to the store in ticket input.
  * Updated variable for `store_in_ticket` so it isn't always true.
  * Removed true,true for the store\_in\_ticket variable; now defaults to true.
* Find Inactive Computers in RMM
  * Added new input variable `time_from_lastcontact` to allow configurable threshold instead of hardcoded value.
  * Added time\_from\_last\_contact variable configuration.
* Configure Organizational Variables
  * Added psa\_offboarding\_ticket\_type and psa\_offboarding\_ticket\_subtype to form.
  * Added transitions/actions for new offboarding ticket type/subtype.
  * Added CTX.psa\_offboarding\_ticket\_type and CTX.psa\_offboarding\_ticket\_subtype as transition conditions for each PSA.
* Document M365 Environment
  * Added check for SMTP address instead of relying solely on UPN.
* Exchange CIS Audit
  * Set title variable as required input.
  * Set default value of title to "Attachment".
  * Set title input of workflows\_upload\_file\_to\_ticket task to "EXO Cis Audit Report".
* Add Devices to Autopilot via Form
  * Modified hardware\_hash regex to accept / as valid input.
* Alert on Login from Non-Native Country
  * Added inputs to psa\_create\_ticket input fields.
  * Added `psa_board_override` variable configuration and updated board field Jinja.
* CWM: Technician Toolbox via Pod
  * Added override capability via org var for Onboarding, Groups, Offboarding, Shared Mailbox, and Manage MFA.
* Sync NinjaRMM Device Counts to Gradient Synthesize
  * Removed tag for Immybot.
  * Added tag for NinjaOne.
* Halo Ticket Create
  * Set skip validation field on create ticket task to True.
* Agent Smith: Service Provisioning \[Install Second]
  * Replaced incorrectly cloned copies of several workflows with ones from proper organization.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Coming soon!</strong></summary>

* Patch deployer
* Technician Toolbox refactor

</details>

