# \[REWST - TASK] Document Password in External Systems

This workflow automates password documentation across multiple MSP tools like documentation platforms and password managers, while updating the related PSA ticket with what was done. It plays a key role in automations for onboarding, password resets, and account management by checking each system’s requirements, only documenting where it’s allowed, and keeping everything compliant through consistent credential handling.

Save time and reduce security risks by using this in situations where you would otherwise need to document passwords manually across different systems. The modular setup also lets you pick which platforms to use, while still keeping credential management standardized across clients.

This workflow contains 16 tasks.

### Inputs

* **use\_psa** - boolean
  * Set to `true` to document password change in PSA
  * Default: `{{ false }}`
* **password** - string
  * Password
* **use\_hudu** - boolean
  * Set to `true` to store password in Hudu
  * Default: `{{ false }}`
* **username** - string
  * Username
* **ticket\_id** - string
  * PSA Ticket ID
* **supervisor** - string
  * Supervisor UPN or ID
* **use\_itglue** - boolean
  * Set to `true` to store password in IT Glue
  * Default: `{{ false }}`
* **use\_pwpush** - boolean
  * Set to `true` to send password via PWPush
  * Default: `{{ false }}`
* **user\_email** - string
  * User Email Address
* **phone\_number** - string
  * Phone number to SMS
* **user\_last\_name** - string
  * User Last Name
* **store\_in\_ticket** - boolean
  * Set to `true` to store password in PSA Ticket
  * Default: `{{ true }}`
* **user\_first\_name** - string
  * User FIrst Name
* **send\_sms\_to\_user** - boolean
  * Set to `true` to send SMS to User
  * Default: `{{ false }}`
* **send\_supervisor\_user\_password** - boolean
  * Set to `true` to send Supervisor User's password
  * Default: `{{ false }}`

### Outputs

* **automation\_log**: Standardized Rewst automation log.
* **success**: Boolean; States if workflow was successful.
* **itglue\_password\_link**: The link to the new password in ITGlue.
* **itglue\_password\_record**: The entire new password record in ITGlue.
* **pwpush\_url**: The url generated by PWPush.
* **hudu\_password\_link**: The link to the new password in Hudu
* **hudu\_password\_record**: The entire new password record in Hudu.

### Key tasks

* **check\_itglue**: Validation/verification
* **check\_psa**: Validation/verification
* **validate\_inputs**: Validation/verification
* **update\_ticket**: Data modification
* **end\_of\_tasks**: Core integration: noop

### Jinja examples

#### Example 1

```jinja
{{ CTX.use_itglue|d(false, true) }}
```

Used in transition condition

#### Example 2

```jinja
{{ CTX.username|d("", true) and CTX.password|d("", true) }}
```

Used in condition to check that the username and password were provided.
